and I'm looking forward to working
together building
Construction complete surveillance sweep
ready new construction options building
training ready sir where is it trouble
Construction complete new construction
options ready serving where's the
trouble
ready shirt where's it trouble building
ready sir or is it trouble
ready sir where's it trouble
Construction complete yep right here new
construction options
building
prospector on Dixon complete dapper
right here standing by that's
affirmative
Construction complete building
on time as always online confirmed
scanning perimeter
on time as always Construction complete
engineer on duty studying blueprints
enemy units detected fancy meeting you
here show me a good time today won't you
our allies under
cannot deploy here
training prospector on duty
ready sir where's it drop talk to me
that's affirmative enemy movement ected
I know this part our response right sir
where's it trouble select location oil
derricks captured ready shirt where's
the truck scanning parameter enemy base
detected 10-4 shirt skinny limiter
where's it trouble talk to me then for
sure oil derrick captured and reserve
online confirmed jab right here
securing area
cleared for engagement here they're not
backing down hey unit is ongoing
contact
I've got your number or not
peace out
scanning perimeter even the piece unroot
peacekeeper ready for context
training they're not backing down
that's affirmative confirm sunroof
scanning perimeter borin cover was a
situation right here yo Jackman on deck
I'm ready hell yeah step right here
what's the situation tactical unit
step right here
standing by on point
hey you working on the restaurant it's
go time keeping the peace
yo ho looks like a sucker
who's next
10-4 shirt
securing area I'll be right there don't
you worry I got plenty more
but this that's it amen we eat floor it
with the next place
I've got your number good for you it's
not I'm ready he's locked give me a
second
need some help Saul you'd never ask
bitch keeps running four contact he's
going
neutralize them
waste them with the next place taken
position flip
just know that I unit is under attack
keep my wares RZ with the next plane
hardtop
surveillance tweets ready
right here we'll settle this
he's out I think you were gonna say that
oh man that was cold you didn't have to
go all out like that